1.. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do?
    they are: public, protected internal, protected, internal , private protected, private
    public can be accessed anywhere, 
    protected internal can be conly accessed in the same assembly and the
    derived class in outside current assembly, 
    protected can be accessed within class and all derived class,
    internal can be accessed within class and anywhere in the same assembly
    private protected can be accessed in the derived calss in the same assembly
    private can be accessed only in the current class.
2.What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to a type member?
static is used when a type member is class level, i.e. not bound to instance of current class.
const is used when we do not want a member to be changed, we must provide the actual value when declaration.
and const is stored in stack since it is determined at complie time
readonly is also used when we do not want a memeber to be changed, but we can assign value at time of declaration or in constructor.
this is stored in heap.
3. What does a constructor do?
initializa an instance of a class
4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
 It provides a special ability to implement the functionality of a single class into multiple files 
 and all these files are combined into a single class file when the application is compiled.
 so with the help of partial classes, multiple developers can work simultaneously in the same class in different files.

5. What is a tuple?
it is like an ummutable Array, that can sotre different data types. like (1,2,"3")
6. What does the C# record keyword do?
it is used to define a reference type that provides buil-in functionality for encapsulating data.
7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
overloading means allow functions with same name but different input parameters to accomplish Polymorphism. happen at compile time
overriding means function in derived class is used instead of the same function in parent class. happens at run time
8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
field is variable directly defined in a class.
while property is defined with get and set , and used to read and write values of a field.

9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
we can assign the optional parameter a initial value in function signature.

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
interface only contains abstract method,and support multiple inheritance
abstract class can have concrete method, and does Not support multiple inheritance

11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
they are public since they need implementation to be meaningful

12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method. True

13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method. True

14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method. F

15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. F

16.True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. T

17. True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class.  T

18. True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. T

19. True/False.In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the
base class. F

20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an
implementation for all of the members of the interface. F

21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that
aren’t defined in the interface. T

22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class. F

23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface. T

What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
managed resource means it is under the supervision of automatic memory manager where as unmanaged is not. So garbage collector only works on managed resource

24. What's the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
it helps you save memory, use memory more efficiently, clean up unused memory allocate.